change gradle task syntax and placement (#1657)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - change gradle task syntax and placement ([#1657](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1657))
> 
> ### Fixes
> 
> - The SDK no longer crashes on Android versions 5 and 6 with native support enabled ([#1652](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1652))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixes

- Updated the symbol upload task on Gradle to be guaranteed to run last ([#1657](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1657))
- The SDK no longer crashes on Android versions 5 and 6 with native support enabled ([#1652](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1652))
```
